A NETFLIX ORIGINAL ANIME SERIES
[Japanese heavy metal music playing]
DESIGN AND PRODUCTION
NETFLIX
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
DIRECTED BY CHIAKI KON
[telephone rings]
EPISODE 7
[Tatsu] Yeah, hello?
What? The big boss is coming?
What time?
[suspenseful music plays]
[exhales]
Before the boss arrives,
I got a big job for you.
Everyone thinks you're the man, but…
[sword unsheathes]
…you still gotta prove yourself to me.
-[tinny music plays on cleaner]
-Think you can handle it? Do ya?
[whirring]
[groans hoarsely]
SWIPE
Nice.
Right, I'm putting you in charge
of this turf, okay?
No, you gotta attack the corners!
That's where all the scum hangs out,
so hit it!
Don't be a goddamned coward!
For spots like this,
you gotta use some kind of stick
with a cloth wrapped around it.
Gets in the cracks and wires.
Let's face it, you're just an amateur
Miku got at that obligatory ceremony.
OBLIGATORY CEREMONY (WEDDING)
Being a househusband ain't no joke.
Me, I'm a pro. Don't matter if it's blood,
footprints, or fingerprints.
-Any evidence will be wiped out.
-[Gin mewling]
-Enough! Get out of here!
-[meows]
[whirring]
-[crunches]
[snarls]
[cord snaps tight]
[yowling]
-Oh…
-[shattering]
[groans]
Their place is
just around the corner here.
You know, I've always wanted to meet him.
Here it is.
-[crashing]
-[both gasp]
That's Tatsu's place.
Tatsu, what happened?
[groaning weakly]
[both scream]
I'm sorry, boss lady.
I let you down this time.
Wha… What on earth?
What happened to you? Are you okay?
[Tatsu] I'm fine.
Some cocky young punk just joined my clan.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 8
Yeah, it's sudden,
but this PTA job just came up,
so would you mind watching
my Ryota for a little bit?
Sure, no problem.
Really? That'd be great.
Behave yourself, okay, Ryota?
[Ryota] But he's the scariest-looking guy
in the neighborhood.
[Tatsu groans]
So, then, Ryota,
you wanna have some fun?
[suspenseful music plays]
-Thank you for watching me.
-Ah.
-Oi, wait a minute.
-[shudders]
Don't you want some sweets, little boy?
These cookies are freshly baked.
Did you make these yourself?
[crunches]
Wow!
These are good!
[sighs]
Good thing I made some today.
All right, how about we play a game?
Really? You have games here?
Ah, you like to play?
Yeah, totally!
I'm super awesome at Morio Kart, and my--
[dramatic music playing]
[Tatsu] Odd or even?
Koi-koi!
Pong!
Snake eyes!
Dude, you can't play these with kids!
Hmm.
Maybe you would've gotten along
better with Miku.
Huh? Whoa, check it out!
It's Cobalt Police from Policure!
-[Policure theme song plays]
-[laughs]
[groans]
[cracks]
-[Ryota yells]
-Huh?
What is it?
Have you been injured, Ryota?
Um, I'm so sorry! It just…
[Tatsu] This…
This is Miku's precious Policure
whatchamacallit.
[EKG machine flat-lining]
Live.
Damn it!
Stay with me, blue Policure thing!
[dramatic music plays]
-Wha… What are we going to do?
-[Tatsu grunts] Don't worry about it.
-I'm gonna take care of this.
-[whimpers]
[footsteps walking]
Everybody makes mistakes.
What's important is how
you set things straight afterwards.
[sad blues music plays]
[clattering]
[shovel clangs]
It's like my old boss always said,
if you make a mistake,
put it six feet under.
[sighs] You see?
[Ryota] I see.
Oh, hey. What are you two up to?
-[Tatsu groans]
-Huh?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 9
-[bumping]
-[groans]
Hey, watch where you're going.
[sinister music plays]
Uh…
I'm guugling right now.
Hold your horses, would ya?
Hey, hey. Dude, chill out.
Almost got it. It's… Shit, no signal.
[groans] Hey, just wait, will ya?
[Tatsu] Huh. "Beginners tend
to use too much force."
"The important thing is
coming up with a plan of attack."
"Housewives, let's give
this DIY project a try."
[yakuza 1] DIY?
[shudders] Tatsu, over here!
Oh. Hey, Masa.
[laughs] You morons!
You're in for it now.
Go kick their punk asses, boss man!
-[slaps]
-Ow!
[whimpers]
You picked this fight yourself, right?
-So then you finish it yourself, got it?
-[shudders]
You got to do it yourself, you fool!
[whimpers] Do it?
[Masa] Oh, is that what DIY means?
-That guy, he's the Immortal Dragon.
-Ah.
[yakuza 2] The Tendo Group
told us to steer clear of him.
-[scoffs] I know. Let's split.
-[footsteps recede]
[groans] You run away, useless punks!
[heavy metal music playing]
Ah, you talking to me?
[Tatsu groans]
Tatsu!
[sunglasses clatter]
[Tatsu] Nothing quite like getting hit
with a two-by-four.
Shit's sturdy as hell.
Perfect for making some chairs. Mm.
[yakuza] Think you're hot shit?
[all gasp]
[groans]
[Tatsu] "When you use a tool
or a blade to cut wood,
it's important to first make sure
that no one is in the way!"
-[boss whimpers]
-Hey, boss.
Ha! You got off easy, bastards!
[Tatsu] Ah, geez.
[gasps softly]
[Masa] This is a househusband?
Uh, hard to tell who's the yakuza here.
[whimpers] Could yakuza and househusband
be two sides of the same coin?
The way of the househusband
and the way of the yakuza are connected!
I want to learn!
Boss, please teach me your ways!
[Tatsu] What ways? DIY?
[hammering]
[drill whirs]
[both laughing]
[Tatsu] We've done it. [laughs]
[Masa] It's cute.
[Masa] The Way of The Househusband.
EPISODE 10
[sighs]
Mm? Hmm?
Is my face starting to sag?
[dramatic music plays]
Why are you hula-hooping?
Watch it!
Ouch!
-[slaps]
-Enough!
You can either take it outside,
or check this place out.
FITNESS
FREE TRIAL
Ah, so this is what you mean by fitness.
-We come here about once a week.
-Yeah.
Right now, they're running a promotion
and you can try out
different classes for free.
Classes?
All right, everyone! Here we go.
Let's move in time to the music.
-Hmm?
-[teacher] One, two.
Everybody, smile!
-[laughing maniacally]
-[women] Is that a smile?
-[teacher] Come on, step it up!
-[clapping]
Feel that rhythm.
-[Tatsu grunts]
-Don't forget to smile now.
-Yeah.
-Okay, now strike your final pose.
[Tatsu grunts]
[laughs maniacally]
[women] Scary smile.
That's pretty fun, huh?
Those aerobics.
-You were really good in there, Tatsu.
-Wasn't he?
Oh, I know what to do. One more class.
It's great if you want to get fit.
[teacher] Good, hold that pose.
And as you breathe out,
slowly lower your legs down
toward your head.
Does this pose remind you of anything?
Yeah, this is the getting walloped
by the boss with a wooden sword pose.
[teacher] Oh. Well, that's the plow pose.
This is the getting your pinkie cut off
after really screwing up pose.
This is the sitting in the driver's seat
after the boss tells you to dump
the body in the mountains pose.
And this one's the taking a bullet
square to the head pose.
[teacher] Okay, you can stop talking now.
Well done, everyone.
What do you know?
I kinda like this yoga business.
Oh, you do?
[cheerful music plays]
[laughs] I ain't sweated buckets like this
since the time I crashed a dump truck
into another gang's office.
Uh, he said he crashed at the office?
[woman] My, he must have
been having a good time.
Yeah, it was way more fun
than I thought it'd be.
Tatsu, wait!
These are the women's lockers.
[Tatsu chokes]
[woman] Oh, Tatsu.
-[crashing]
-[yells]
-[groans]
-[smashing]
[woman] What on earth?
Tatsu, are you okay?
-Boss lady--
-"Boss lady"?
I will face the consequences!
Tie me up if you must,
and bury me in the mountain!
Or dump me in the sea
wearing cement shoes!
Do it!
[women] Is that a yoga pose?
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
EPISODE 11
10% EXTRA POINTS!!
[gentle music playing]
-[Tatsu] Excuse me.
-[woman exclaims]
I'm looking for some white powder.
You know, the good stuff.
We don't sell that.
Oh, I'm so sorry.
I think he's actually looking for flour.
My God, this grocery store is enormous.
Huh? You've still got cola
back at the house.
No harm in stocking up.
You drink too much of that crap.
Aw, come on!
[Tatsu] Uh-uh.
Uh-uh.
[grumbles] Can't I get anything I want?
Peach-fuzz-sporting, Mr. Goon Shades.
Hey! I shouldn't buy a video game
for a selfish brat like you!
-[woman 1] Hey, look over there.
-My God, that's a yakuza.
-[woman 1] Harassing an honest citizen.
-So scary.
Oh, no.
-Tacchan, let's go.
-What?
[light comic music playing]
People are scared of me?
Come on, that's nonsense.
[Miku] No, it isn't.
MIDORI SPORTS
I get along fine with our neighbors.
They like me and think I'm funny.
Oh, yeah?
Wait, are you accusing me?
Sir, can I help--
-[nervously] …you?
-[Miku] See?
Maybe it's the way you dress.
The way I dress?
Well, it is a bit intimidating, you know?
Since we're already at the mall,
why don't you try
to find some new clothes?
Some new clothes, huh?
[lively bold music playing]
[Miku] Ah!
Right.
Oh, come on.
Damn it, they're all the same.
-Did you hear what I said?
-Yes, ma'am.
You're my husband!
Can't you at least try to be charming?
Is this getting through to you?
[Tatsu] And I'm intimidating?
[menacing music plays]
I was called the Immortal Dragon
and survived in the underworld
for all those years,
and now I gotta be charming. Huh!
[grunts] That's it!
[Miku] Well, if I'm honest,
compared to when we first met…
He has improved a lot.
[Policure theme song plays]
You got a Policure apron?
-Nice, right?
-[squeals] It's cute!
Say, "Coming to catch you!"
-Coming to… What was it?
-And you gotta do the pose too.
Hey Mama, those people are really weird.
THE WAY OF THE HOUSEHUSBAND
[Policure theme continues]
EPISODE 12: GIN'S WALK 2
[grunts]
[scratching]
[Gin straining]
[male cat] Hey!
What do you think you're doing?
[Gin] Huh?
Oh, well, I'm just doing a poo.
[male cat] This ain't
your property, you know.
Hmm.
-[Gin straining]
-Oi!
-What did I just say?
-[Gin] Can you cut me some slack?
This ain't your house. Don't you get it?
I'm sorry. No need to get so worked up.
I haven't even done anything yet.
-[straining]
-Oi! You, stop it!
-[yowls]
-I told you to knock it off!
-Shit!
-[Gin] Oh… Oh, my.
[male cat] Ah, this is a disaster.
What you gonna do about it?
[Gin] Well, first I'm gonna do my poop.
-[straining]
-Oi, you!
-Ow!
-Huh?
Oh, it's come out a bit.
Ah? Oi! [grunts]
[grunting]
There, finish it in that!
If there's cat shit in the garden,
I'll get the blame.
[Gin] Sorry, buddy.
[male cat] Ah.
It's gone back up again.
I'm so gonna kick your ass.
[closing theme song plays]